warned it up so this is camp life pretty
quiet so fast is 8
not many people up with a minute where
we're having to fend for ourselves
because we're not being fed yet at
Christ's trophy yeah
thanks mate but hopefully at later on
tonight after prologue we get fed for
the first time by Christ trophy so get
some decent pills inside us and a stop
having to fend for ourselves but
prolonged day today so it's gonna get
car ready and then we'll be out and
about see y'all later we had a couple of
jobs still to do on the truck today the
first of which was loading up a winch
ropes the truck actually runs three
winches front centre and rear
the other job we had to do with today
was setting up our terra firma shock
absorbers and bump stops all of them are
nitrogen charged and require the correct
level of pressure added to them to make
the truck handle and ride correctly
today was a national holiday in Croatia
so the organizer arranged a mass start
in the local town to push car outside
the main hotel a parade start with all
three classes trophy adventure and the
ATVs made for a good spectacle for the
local crowd a respectable sized crowd
for an off-roading event right let's get
over and see some action from the Prolog
course at once start/finish time sets
their start position for tomorrow's the
first day in the forest our team are
very lucky to draw in the first group
which has put them in a very good
position for a good finish time because
the course is becoming extremely cut-up
already and most people are now having
to winch up the main first hill
whereas our guys may be able to were
able to one-shot it in one go as the
next group of cars comes round which I
can hear coming in a moment we'll be
able to see if people struggle or if
they do well up that first time
so as you can see it's going to come a
bit of a struggle and we're hoping that
we were able to get it one shot will
give us an excellent finish time then we
will see when the results come out one
of the reasons move forth moose off-road
competes in adventure classes because
the competition is pretty gentlemanly
but often in trophy class the redness
gets the better of the drivers here's
the first group of trophy coming around
the prologue as you can see the first
driver gets an incorrect line trying to
shoot the first hill second and third
driver take advantage of it making it up
the hill fourth driver hit coming in
here is giving away nothing as the first
guy tries to maneuver
trophy plastered a slightly different
route in the pronoun compared to
adventure
the main addition being this turn around
a steep side slope most vehicles ended
up having a wind chair again we can see
the driver of the green car here
previous winner of Croatia trophy using
excellent driving skills to maneuver the
vehicle into a position to overtake the
other two drivers it doesn't quite
achieve it but as we see the rest of the
course we can see that he really does
take no prisoners and being able to
maneuver past the other two cars
here we can see the final section of the
prologue but the Jeep slows down to pick
up his co-driver the drive with the G
Wagen goes for an overtaking maneuver
for the tube jeeps having none of it and
gets back on the gas preventing the G
Wagen from getting past they go into the
final section the G Wagen manages to get
up on the inside and literally take the
win right on the finish line
so cap I think everyone enjoyed
Prolog
everyone's looking ready to go wanting
more
let's boost himself
as James I'm a man with the plumbers but
what's interesting now is these golf
ball-sized hail stones which is going to
make running tomorrow in our we beastie
got that a little bit of a challenge so
let's hope for at least dinner and see
what tomorrow brings hopefully this
won't last that long
you